---
kindle-sync:
  bookId: '63798'
  title: 'Grit: The Power of Passion and Perseverance'
  author: Angela Duckworth
  asin: B019CGY2ZG
  lastAnnotatedDate: '2018-07-16'
  bookImageUrl: 'https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91fmmjCP6FL._SY160.jpg'
  highlightsCount: 10
---
# Grit
## Metadata
* Author: [Angela Duckworth](https://www.amazon.comundefined)
* ASIN: B019CGY2ZG
* ISBN: 1785040200
* Reference: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B019CGY2ZG
* [Kindle link](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B019CGY2ZG)

## Highlights
Our potential is one thing. What we do with it is quite another — location: [562](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B019CGY2ZG&location=562) ^ref-14868

---
“With everything perfect,” Nietzsche wrote, “we do not ask how it came to be.”8 Instead, “we rejoice in the present fact as though it came out of the ground by — location: [933](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B019CGY2ZG&location=933) ^ref-43615

---
Great things are accomplished by those “people whose thinking is active in one direction,12 who employ everything as material, who always zealously observe their own inner life and that of others, who perceive everywhere models and incentives, who never tire of combining together the means available to them. — location: [947](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B019CGY2ZG&location=947) ^ref-10621

---
The only thing that I see that is distinctly different about me is: I’m not afraid to die on a treadmill. I will not be outworked, period. You might have more talent than me, you might be smarter than me, you might be sexier than me. You might be all of those things. You got it on me in nine categories. But if we get on the treadmill together, there’s two things: You’re getting off first, or I’m going to die.36 It’s really that simple. — location: [1054](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B019CGY2ZG&location=1054) ^ref-46362

---
“The separation of talent and skill,” Will Smith points out, “is one of the greatest misunderstood concepts for people who are trying to excel, who have dreams, who want to do things. Talent you have naturally. Skill is only developed by hours and hours and hours of beating on your — location: [1127](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B019CGY2ZG&location=1127) ^ref-61362

---
Likewise, we learn, as novelist John Irving did, that “to do anything really well, you have to overextend yourself,” to appreciate that, “in doing something over and over again, something that was never natural becomes almost second nature,” and finally, that the capacity to do work that diligently “doesn’t come overnight. — location: [1646](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B019CGY2ZG&location=1646) ^ref-51788

---
passion for your work is a little bit of discovery, followed by a lot of development, and then a lifetime of deepening. — location: [1876](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B019CGY2ZG&location=1876) ^ref-59731

---
Each of the basic requirements of deliberate practice is unremarkable:47 A clearly defined stretch goal Full concentration and effort Immediate and informative feedback Repetition with reflection and refinement — location: [2417](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B019CGY2ZG&location=2417) ^ref-38394

---
Japanese saying: Fall seven, rise eight. — location: [2887](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B019CGY2ZG&location=2887) ^ref-24728

---
No whining. No complaining. No excuses. — location: [4373](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B019CGY2ZG&location=4373) ^ref-12116

---
